# Video-Game-Analysis
This project analyzes video game data from the games.csv file built into tidyverse. We are fundementally interested in how video game playership changes over time. The variables in this package include the name of the videogame (“gamename” ), the year the measure was taken (“year”), the month the measure was taken (“month”), the average number of players for a given game (“avg”). The gain or loss/negative gain in average between each monthly number of players for a given game (“Gain”). These are the variables we will primarily focus on. The highest number of players at the same time for a given game (“peak”), and the share of the average in the maximum value as a percentage for a given game (“Avg_peak_perc”). Based on the given values in the dataset, we plan to predict the number of gamers in the future and also compare any changes in the number of gamers during any specified time frame. The games.csv file does give good quality macrodata, but we are also interested in more specific data that is not included in this dataset. Therefore, we decided to include additional data on “Total War: WARHAMMER II” in order to run tests that will provide more targeted insights. We will be using ANOVA to explore the data and run a hypothesis test to determine if there is a significant difference in averages between the seasons. We will be using ANOVA to explore the data and run a hypothesis test to determine if there is a significant difference in averages between the years. We will be using ANOVA to explore the data and run a hypothesis test to determine if there is a significant difference in averages before and after pandemic lockdowns, controlling for seasonal differences. How many people will be playing the video game “Total War: WARHAMMER II” in April? We will using a linear regression model to make a prediction.
